Well, Playmaker?
Don't just stand there
like a stumpy lump,
it's your turn.
I know...
I just wish that I didn't
have to take it, Ai.
To save mankind...
you must.
Very well...
Then you're going
to get my best.
That's what I wanted to hear.
It's my turn.
I draw!
I'll start by activating
CYNET CLOSURE!
And then this
spell card banishes
one card from my deck.
Hmmm.
Next I summon FLAME BUFFERLO!
Then I activate
CYNET OPTIMIZATION's effect.
This allows me to summon
FORMUD SKIPPER to the field!
With these two monsters,
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CYBERSE WITCH!
(Ai)
CYBERSE WITCH...
I know just how to deal
with this monster.
But he knows I know.
So there must be something
he's planning I don't know.
FORMUD SKIPPER's special ability
activates from the graveyard.
When I use FORMUD SKIPPER
to Link Summon,
this ability lets me draw
a Cyberse from my deck.
So I add DEGRADE BUSTER
to my hand.
But that's not
the only card I'm getting!
When FLAME BUFFERLO
goes to the graveyard,
I can discard DOTSCAPER
to draw two cards!
And then DOTSCAPER's
very own ability activates,
resummoning itself
from the graveyard!
Next up, my CYBERSE WITCH
banishes CYNET CLOSURE
from my graveyard
to allow me to draw
CYBERSE MAGICIAN
and CYNET RITUAL from my deck!
(Ai)
Now I know what he's planning:
to summon one of his
most powerful monsters.
(Playmaker)
By banishing two Cyberses
from my graveyard
I can summon DEGRADE BUSTER!
I now activate CYNET RITUAL!
I tribute DEGRADE BUSTER
to Ritual Summon!
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
My, my...
You said I'd get your best.
Now, I'm thrilled to see that
you're keeping that promise.
♪♪♪
You wanted my best
so here it is.
My CYBERSE WITCH
uses its ability
to revive CLOCK WYVERN
from my graveyard!
And CLOCK WYVERN has
its own special ability!
By cutting its
attack points in half,
it summons a CLOCK TOKEN!
Next, since I summoned a monster
next to CYBERSE WITCH's link,
SEA ARCHIVER resurrects
itself from my graveyard!
Now I'll Link Summon again!
Link 2 CLOCK SPARTOI!
CLOCK SPARTOI's
special ability...
allows me to draw
CYNET FUSION from my deck!
Then I'll Link Summon
a third time!
Link 3 TRANSCODE TALKER!
When TRANSCODE TALKER
is co-linked to another monster,
they both gain
500 attack points.
I must admit,
I'm really enjoying this!
These monsters!
It's like your highlight reel!
And there's more to come!
I use CLOCK SPARTOI's
second ability
to revive a Cyberse
from my graveyard.
CLOCK WYVERN!
And that's not the only monster
that I can revive.
TRANSCODE TALKER can also bring
a Cyberse monster
back from my graveyard
and summon it next to its link.
So return to the field,
DECODE TALKER!
Next I use the spell...
CYNET FUSION
to merge my monsters into a new
and powerful creation!
I Fusion Summon
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON's
ability now activates!
By sending five cards
in my deck to the graveyard,
it gains 5000 attack points!
Attack points
just shouldn't go that high!
But they have, Ai.
Go CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON...
Attack FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER!
Actually,
when I said attack points
shouldn't go that high
it was for your sake not mine!
I activate my trap
A.I.'S SHOW!
I can summon monsters
from my Extra Deck
whose total attack points
are less than your DRAGON's,
so when you raised
its attack points,
you enabled me to summon...
more monsters than before!
Oh no!
So thanks for that!
Oh and as a bonus,
your attack is also negated!
Face it,
you're simply outmatched
in this duel, Playmaker!
Humanity's going down!
(Ai)
Playmaker...
I've known you longer
than a sad clown's saddest face
so I know your tactics.
And how to counter
every last one of them.
To stand a chance
you're going to need
to come up with a new tune.
I'm done with my turn.
Now that's a tune
I'm really familiar with.
It's the kind that you sing
when you're all out of options.
Really?
You think just because
I chose to end my turn
my path to victory
has ended, too?
OK... Ya got me, no I don't.
I was just trying to make
a little conversation.
I do miss our talks.
Yes, yes, I know,
there was Roboppi
to pass the time with,
but we both know
he was a few pixels
short of a JPEG.
It's sounds as though
you were lonely, Ai.
Me? Lonely?
Oh stop it already,
you're being ridiculous!
You see, when the Cyberse
was destroyed,
I spent years being alone.
So just a couple o' weeks?
That's nothing to me.
Is it?
Okay, what are you trying to do,
Playmaker?
Get in my head?
Well I hate to short circuit
your duel disk
but it's just not going to work.
You see,
I know your duel tricks
and your mind tricks.
I'm not trying to trick you, Ai.
Just to express that I know
about being alone.
Yes, I suppose you do.
You did suffer
throughout the Lost Incident
after all.
I know that wasn't easy for you.
It must've felt
like forever and a day.
Even longer than that
if you can imagine.
It was one of the most trying
periods in my life.
But then I met you and--
Yes, yes, I know,
time really started to drag.
(gasps)
You really don't know, do you?
I'm usually ahead of the curve,
but here...
I'm clueless.
So please,
feel free to fill me in,
Playmaker.
(Playmaker)
Listen, Ai.
What I was going to say
is that when were we a team
time just flew by.
Well I must admit, Playmaker,
didn't see that coming.
Not at all.
You're actually saying
that you had fun with me?
I am.
And I know you had fun, too.
But without humans
the fun's over,
you're alone.
Which, like I said before,
I can deal with!
And don't forget,
I still have my vast
army of SOLtAis's
to keep me company!
And don't you dare
forget the squirrels!
With their chirping
and their nuts,
they're simply
charming companions!
Ai.
Net net,
I have it all worked out.
Instead of worrying about me,
what you should be doing
is worrying about yourself.
Because after
this duel is over,
only one of us two is going
to be around to exist!
My turn!
I draw!
(shrieks)
Now that he's done yappin',
let's see where
I am in this duel.
As long as Playmaker
has TRANSCODE TALKER,
I can't attack or use effects
on CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON
or CYBERSE MAGICIAN.
That seriously
limits my options.
But then again,
since I'm not really
the serious type,
that shouldn't be a problem!
I activate my spell card!
A.I. CONTACT!
I return IGNISTER A.I.LAND
from my hand to my deck
to draw three cards.
Oh and they're good ones!
Due to WIND PEGASUS's ability,
I destroy a spell
or trap on your field
for every @IGNISTER on my field.
So your CODE HACK
and CYNET OPTIMIZATION
are deleted!
(grunts)
Next I summon HIYARI @IGNISTER
And activate its ability!
By tributing FIRE PHOENIX
@IGNISTER...
I can draw A.I.'S RITUAL
from my deck.
HIYARI also gains a Level
for each of FIRE PHOENIX's
links.
Since FIRE PHOENIX has 3 links,
HIYARI's level
rises from 1 to 4.
And last,
I get to draw a Ritual Monster
from my deck.
I now have all the cards
to Ritual Summon!
When there's a Water Attribute
@IGNISTER on my field,
I can banish an @IGNISTER
from my grave
instead of tributing!
So I tribute HIYARI
from my field
and banish PIKARI
from my graveyard!
I Ritual Summon!
WATER LEVIATHAN @IGNISTER!
(grunts)
You're in big trouble now,
Playmaker.
When my WATER LEVIATHAN
is Ritual Summoned,
it scares away all your monsters
with 2300 or lower
attack points.
So TRANSCODE TALKER
must return to your Extra Deck!
And now that
it's no longer in play,
I'm allowed to attack
your monsters again,
but which one shall it be?
Hmmm.
CYBERSE MAGICIAN does
have a powerful ability.
And I don't like
how he's looking at me.
I bet he thinks
he's better than me.
That settles it!
WATER LEVIATHAN,
attack CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
And use your special ability
to saw the MAGICIAN's
attack points in half!
But my MAGICIAN's ability...
cuts the damage I take in half.
But your monster's
still destroyed!
(groans)
Now, old friend,
I activate the ability
of LIGHT DRAGON!
When an @IGNISTER
deals you damage in battle,
it resummons another @IGNISTER
from my graveyard!
FIRE PHOENIX!
Resurrect!
This is not good.
Not for you!
And now I'll have PHOENIX
attack CLOCK DRAGON!
Oh and take a looky look
on where I chose
to summon PHOENIX.
Smack dab in the center
of my field
next to a certain Link Spell.
JUDGMENT ARROWS.
Exactly!
So its attack points
will double!
When FIRE PHOENIX
attacks your monster,
its ability deals you damage
equal to its attack points,
all 4600!
But you only have 3400
life points and change!
So it's game over, Playmaker!
That's what you think, Ai!
I activate OVERFLOATER's ability
from my graveyard!
With this,
when you have more monsters
in play than me,
I can banish OVERFLOATER
from my graveyard
to negate the special abilities
of every single
one of your monsters!
You can what?
This means that
your PHOENIX's ability
cannot hurt me.
So the only one
who will be taking
damage from this attack is you!
(groans)
Tricky tricky!
You fooled me by playing a card
I've never seen before
and there's only one fitting
way to respond:
By now playing a card
that you've never
seen before as well!
Really.
Oh yeah.
Presenting
for the very first time
the spell card known
as FA.I.GHTING SPIRIT!
It resummons an @IGNISTER
from my graveyard
back to my field.
So rise again, FIRE PHOENIX!
Each @IGNISTER
represents an Ignis,
so it feels like the family's
finally all back together.
(gasps)
(Ai)
But the truth is we're not.
You're all still gone.
But I'm here.
And through me,
we'll fight as one!
Ready, Playmaker?
I'll now create my circuit!
And not just any circuit,
but one that's never
been created before
or will ever be created again!
FIRE PHOENIX!
WATER LEVIATHAN!
EARTH GOLEM!
WIND PEGASUS!
LIGHT DRAGON!
Unite with my DARK TEMPLAR!
I set my six @IGNISTERS
in the Link Arrows!
I now Link Summon!
The six of us
now merge into one!
The superior, splendid,
strong, stunning, super...
How many is that?
I'm one word short.
Okay.
Super super!
That makes it six!
Rewind!
The superior, splendid,
strong, stunning,
super, super super Link Monster!
The one that rules above all!
Link 6 THE ARRIVAL
CYBERSE @IGNISTER!
What? Link 6?
(Ai)
That's right, meatbag!
And THE ARRIVAL gains
1000 attack points
for every monster I used
to Link Summon it.
Six monsters equals...
6000 attack points!
The ARRIVAL also gains
an additional 1000 attack points
for every card
that I have on my field.
Since I have one-two-three-four,
that's 4000 additional
attack points.
And it also gains a counter,
once every turn!
It has 10000 attack points?!
That's correct, Playmaker.
But THE ARRIVAL is more
than just attack points!
As you're about to find out,
a whole lot more!
(laughs)
Quite the monster,
huh, Playmaker?
But THE ARRIVAL is more
than just attack points.
It can destroy
any monster on the field!
And then it summons
an @IGNISTER TOKEN
next to one of its links.
What?
(laughs)
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON...
Bye byeeee!
Your time has
officially run out!
Since I summoned this TOKEN,
that means there's
another card on my field.
So THE ARRIVAL gains
1000 more attack points!
However, you triggered
my CLOCK DRAGON's ability!
Since THE ARRIVAL used
an ability to destroy it,
I am now allowed to draw
one spell card from my deck!
Ooh, I'm so scared!
But this is even more scary...
I Link Summon!
Link 1 DARKWIGHT @IGNISTER!
No attack points is scary?
Ugh, that's not the scary part.
When DARKWIGHT's linked
to another monster,
it can't be attacked.
Meaning if you wanna defeat me,
you have to go
through THE ARRIVAL.
And its eleven kay in attack.
Should be a piece of cake.
All you gotta do
is summon a monster
with 11000
and one attack points.
Perhaps, Ai.
Now... my turn!
One thing is for sure:
if I don't do something
about those attack points,
I have no chance.
First I summon CYBERSE GADGET!
When I successfully
summon CYBERSE GADGET,
I can revive a monster
from my grave!
And the one I pick is...
FORMUD SKIPPER!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CYBERSE WICCKID!
When I use FORMUD SKIPPER
to Link Summon,
I'm allowed to draw a Level 5
or higher Cyberse monster
straight from my deck!
And then...
CYBERSE GADGET's
ability activates!
When it goes to the graveyard,
I get to summon
a GADGET TOKEN...
next to CYBERSE WICCKID's link!
And doing so will then
trigger its special ability!
By banishing my DOTSCAPER...
I'm allowed to draw
CYBERSE SYNCHRON
from my deck!
Which then triggers
DOTSCAPER's ability!
When DOTSCAPER is banished,
it resummons itself!
And that allows me
to Link Summon!
Link 2 EXSLAYER!
And if you think I'm done
summoning, think again!
Because when I successfully
summon a Link Monster,
I can summon PARALLEL EXCEED
next to its link!
Then I can summon
a second PARALLEL EXCEED
from my deck...
so long as I cut
both their Levels
and defense points by half--
So now their Levels
are down to 4.
But that is exactly
what I'm aiming for.
And the reason why
is now I can use these two...
to build the Overlay network!
I will now Xyz Summon!
Rank 4 FIREWALL EXCEED DRAGON!
I activate its ability!
When EXCEED DRAGON
is linked to EXSLAYER,
it gains 500 attack points
for each of its Links.
Then EXSLAYER's
ability activates!
When I Xyz Summon
a monster next to its link,
I can tribute another monster
to summon a different
one from my hand!
So I now tribute my GADGET TOKEN
to summon WIDGET KID!
Hey, I know him!
That lil' fella
was our set up to summon
our most powerful mons--
Wait, this isn't cool.
But it is cool for me.
WIDGET KID now summons
a Cyberse from my hand.
CYBERSE SYNCHRON!
Then CYBERSE SYNCHRON's
ability activates!
This Tuner Monster doubles
WIDGET KID's Level from 3 to 6!
I tune my Level 1
CYBERSE SYNCHRON
with my Level 6 WIDGET KID!
Let's see...
One plus six adds up...
To five!
Double check your math, Ai!
I Synchro Summon!
Level 7 CYBERSE QUANTUM DRAGON!
(grunts)
If you said 5 instead of 7,
you woulda messed up,
because your summoning
speech and been DQ'ed!
Well at least that's
how I think it works
but it probably doesn't
cuz truth is sometimes
I just make up rules.
Here goes!
CYBERSE QUANTUM DRAGON,
attack THE ARRIVAL @IGNISTER!
QUANTUM DRAGON's
ability activates!
The monster it attacks
automatically
returns to your hand,
so THE ARRIVAL must now
leave the field.
THE ARRIVAL can't leave,
Playmaker.
Or else, its name
won't make any sense!
I mean, how can you be
departing when you're arriving?
So let me fix that for you.
When THE ARRIVAL
has a counter on it,
it's immune to all your cards
and monsters!
Wha-?
In other words, meatbag,
THE ARRIVAL is here to stay.
And when it destroys
your QUANTUM DRAGON,
you'll take enough damage
to lose the rest...
of your life points!
You're played, Playmaker.
♪♪♪